T already knew how to do it based on past
experiences but it was more fun for reprinting their
latest saving and more.
March 09, 2026 - Checking if the passbooks of the
Iligan Dealers members are updated on their
system and if not, then update their passbook
then print their latest saving so that it can be
updated.
March 10, 2026 - Entering and organizing the
contact details of new lligan Dealers members
into their system for easier record, keeping and
access.
March 11, 2026 - Analyzing, calculating, and
inputting of loans receivable aging analysis per
product.
This task helped me appreciate the importance of 7
accurate data entry and organized digital records.
T'm already familiar with this activity but this
helped me improve my data analysis skills while
understanding how financial information is
organized and monitored using their system.
Entering and organizing the contact details of new
lligan Dealers members into Ideal's system
helped me understand the importance of accurate
and organized digital records.
March 12, 2026 - Entering and organizing the
contact details of new lligan Dealers members
into their system for easier record, keeping and
access.
- NORTHERN sl'kiiix()\ STATE COLLFGE
Shamodn Porvg s 3700 L BT T
Brgdis, ... MANILYN B. ENGLATERA, LPT .

This task h;lped me a};; l;te the ;fi.por(a;;:e of
accurate data entry and organized digital records
contact details of new lligan Dealers members
into their microbanking system for easier record,
keeping and access.
March 17, 2026 - Analyzing, calculating, and
inputting of loans receivable aging analysis per
product.
March 18, 2026 - Preparing and recording the end of
the day collection reports in their system to ensure
accurate monitoring and documentation of financial
transactions.
March 19, 2026 - Analyzing, calculating, and inputting
of loans receivable aging analysis per product.
I already knew how to do it from past experiences like
last week so I did it with precision, and enjoyed doing
the analysis. poia s
The blatter of collection was still difficult to look at
while listening to instructions of our supervisor on
how to do it, but doing it hands on was actually not
that difficult for me and the experience was fine.
I already knew how to do it from past experiences like
Jast week so I did it with precision, and enjoyed doing
the analysis.
I already knew how to do it based on past experiences
and it was fun for updating their latest savings and
share on the cooperative.
March 20, 2026 - Checking if the passbooks of the
lligan Dealers members are updated on their system
and if not, then update their passbook then print their
latest saving so that it can be updated.

March 30, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new | I already knew how to do it based on past
member's contact information in the system. experiences and it was fun for updating their latest
a savings and share on the cooperative.
March 31, 2026 - Checking if the passbooks of the This time, our bookkeeper taught me how to print
lligan Dealers members are updated on their the teller's approval for widrow in their withdrawal
system and if not, then update their passbook and I slip on their system. The teller then taught me the
print thein;l:tasi saving so that their passbooks will I purpose of the no. 2 on their system
be updated.
Apnil 1, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new Encoding and editing the new members' contact
member's contact information in the system. information helped me understand how important
contact information to keep records accurate and
reliable.

Encoding and editing the new members' contact
information helped me understand how important
contact information to keep records accurate and
reliable.
Calculating the loans of the members' made me
understand the importance of carefully calculating
and organizing loan data to ensure accuracy and
proper record keeping.
Calculating the loans of the members' taught me
to be more attentive and organized when handling
loan data to keep records clear and accurate.
Designing and editing the cover pages for the
member's folder is calm. It was fine since 1
already saw the design from other cover pages
and imitated it.
Designing and editing the members' folder cover
pages felt manageable since I used the existing
designs as a guide and carefully followed them to
keep everything consistent.
April 6, 2026: Encoding and editing of the new
member's contact information in the system
April 7, 2026: Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and putting it on the
excel to edit.
April 8, 2026: Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and putting it on the
excel to edit.
April 9, 2026: Editing and printing of cover pages
for the member's files.
April 10, 2026: Editing and printing of cover pages
for the member's files.
Rtpu'\'.xc of the Philippines
s Manelo Fm:ch. K701 Bubdmn
Ir...w..---w*_.._.'m..'... O --

April 13, 2026 - Editing and printing of cover
pages for the member's files.
Doing this activity makes me appreciate the
importance of creating a folder, as we put it on the
said folder what the member's of the Cooperative
availed.
it feels a little uneasy waiting for our turn to present
since we presented it in the school's covered court,
and infront of all IT Students and Instructors. But then
presenting it in front is fine, since I already practiced
what I would say in the presentation. I realized it was
not that bad when it was my turn to speak since we
also have a five minute countdown.
April 15, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new It was a busy day but I calmly did the encoding and
member's contact information in the system. editing of the members' contact and personal
information in the system.
April 16, 2026 - Checking and updating members' | It is really important to check carefully and update the
passbooks in the system, then printing their latest members passbooks so that the members would see
savings records. their and share balances on their passbooks.
April 17, 2026 - Calculating the loans of the Thlsactmtymade me realize that calculating and
members from the system and putting it on the analyzing the members' loans is so important that
excel to edit 1 should be careful on inputting their loans on the
excel.
April 14, 2026 - Presented our capstone at
o3, 3 Sl
Repablic of the Philippincs
Manclo Fotieh, $701 Bukidnon
...... __AHLLEAH A. ALMONTE oy MANILYN B.E
FAISAH &%L
OJT C r
of HTE Supervisor
Fapubic of v 71
STATE COLLEGE
e 0 e 4 A A RS A o R A A e R

April 20, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the
new member's contact information in the
system.
Encoding and editing the new members'
contact information helped me understand
how important it is to carefully encode and
update members' contact information to keep
records accurate and reliable.
" April 21,2026 - Helping checking of
members' account balances on the system.
I and do as she says as I checked the accounts
__of the members in the system.
"April 22, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the
new member's contact information in the
April 23, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the
new member's contact information in the
01 1 2 e R
April 24, 2026 - Scanning and saving of the
members' ID.
I listened to the instructions of our loans clerk
This task helped me appreciate the importance |
of accurate data entry and organized digital
records.
| It was chill since ''m already familiar on how to
organize the contact details of new members
of lligan Dealers MPC into their system.
| I listened and watch the instructions of our
I loans clerk and applied it on how to scan the
ID's of the lligan Dealers members.
Eepublic of the Platippimes }
Mahoto Ferilch. 7018 Dubidnon
P T S
MANILYN B. LATERA, LPT

April 27, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new
member's contact information in the system.
Encoding and editing the new members' contact
information helped me understand how important
contact information to keep records accurate and
reliable.
I already done this before so for me, this task was !
now easy and nice to do. I carefully put the |
member's information into the co-op's system I
since I was taught to check carefully what |
Calculating the loans of the members' taught me
to be more attentive and organized when handling
loan data to keep records clear and accurate
I already knew how 1o do it based on past
experiences and it was fun for updating their latest
savings and share on the cooperative.
Apnl 28, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new
member's contact information in the system.
Apnil 29, 2026 - Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and pultting it on the
excel to edit.
Apni 30, 2026 - Checking and updating members'
passbooks in the syslem then printing their latest
savings records.
!&mtd:c of the Phiiipproes
Manoto Fortich, 8703 Bukdnen
MANILYN B
NGLATERA, LPT
0OJT Co ator

May 04, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new
member's contact information in the system
May 05, 2026 - Checking and updating members'
passbooks in the system, then printing their latest
savyings record.
May 06, 2026 - Preparing and recording the end
of the day collection reports in their system to
ensure accurate monitoring and documentation of
financial transactions.
May 07, 2026 - Emotional Intelligence for Life and
Leadership: Preparing Graduates for Work,
Relationships, and Service (D1).
May 08, 2026 - Emotional Intelligence for Life and
Leadership: Preparing Graduates for Work,
Relationships, and Service (D2).
Even though the desk was so crowded, I did this
task carefully and precisely so that the new
members' contact information would be in the
system. I
It was fun updating the members of the coop's
passbooks, especially if the passbooks needed to
be printed, so that the members would see their
latest savings and share records.
Doing this task was really a little challenging but
then recording it with much precision and care,
the experience became fine.
I felt nervous when I was sitting, anticipating on
what's going to happen. But I calmed myself
throughout the day. The activities were actually
fun and I appreciate the reason behind those
activities.
Not so nervous anymore and calmed myself when
I sat. The activities were fun. I appreciated those
people who cheered for me. I actually felt fulfilled.

"May 11, 2026 - Ediling and printing of
nMnPrgwcmp forms for the new members of ldeal
Editing and printing the membership forms for the:
new members of Ideal MPC helped me improve
my attention to detail and organization skills. This
task also taught me the importance of prepanng
accurate documents 1o make the membership
i ting the cover pages for the '
members' files helped me become more careful
May 12,2026 - Editing and printing of cover
pages for the member's files.
h and organized in handling documents. This task
also showed me the importance of neat and
proper file organization for easier record
management. . e
Encoding and editing the new members' contact
information in the system helped me improve my l
accuracy and attention o detail when handling
data. This task also made me realize the
importanca of organized and updated records for
efficient communication and management.
Checking and updating the members' passbocks
in the system, then printing their latest savings
records, heiped me develop patience and
accuracy in handling financial information. This
task also showed me the importance of keeping
records updated to ensure organized and reliable
member transactions L ) 3 b eoaa
Calculating the members' loans from the system
and transferring them into Excel helped me
improve my accuracy and basic data
management skills. This task also taught me the
importance of careful computation and organized
records in handling financial information. ______}
"Wiay 13, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new
member's contact information in the system.
Wfifio"zfif 'm--ufiimm"""mem'"m"
passbooks in the system, then printing their latest
savings records.
May 15, 2026 - Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and putting it on the
excel to edit.
R i imata

May 18, 2026 - Editing and printing of cover
pages for the member's files
May 19, 20286 - Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and put them in the
excel file, I did it calmly and precisely since I'm
already used to do the aging analysis on the
system.
May 20, 2026 - Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and putting it on the
excel to editMay 21, 2026 - Editing and printing of
membership forms for the new members of Ideal
MPC.
May 22, 2026 - Editing and printing of
membership forms for the new members of Ideal
MPC.
| Calculating the loans of tha memibers from the
"Designing and edting the members' folder cover
pages felt manageable since I used the existing
designs as a guide and carefully followed them to
keep everything consistent.
systemn and put them in the excel file, I did it
calmly and precisely since I'm already used to do
the aging analysis on the system
Same as yesterday, I did the task calmly with
precision and dedication to calculate the loans of
the members from the system go I can put them to
the excel file. e
Editing and printing of the membership form is fine
since the membership forms like kiddie/youth,
membership forms can be seen in the file. it was a
little challenge because the outcome of the first
print was bad, it didn't print wholely and was cut.
So I adjusted the printing size so that the form
would be fit and not be cut if printed. The lesson
for that would be, keep thinking of ideas that couid
_solve a problem. - 1
As expected when I print a form, it was cut at the
bottom. I then adjusted the size of how it will be
inted and it works.
Repubiie of the Plulippines
V()Rl"' RN BUKIDNON STATE C (" | GE
FAISAH S. BACS
oJT

Apnil 25, 2026 - Encoding and editing of the new
member's contact information in the system.
REFLECTIONS'
Encoding and editing the new members' contact
information in the system helped me improve my
accuracy and attention to detail when handling
data. This task also made me realize the
importance of organized and updated records for
efficient communication and management.
Calculating the loans of the members from the
system is fine. I did it with precision, inputting the
members' information to the system correctly.
Checking and updating the members passbooks
in the system is always a fun activity for me. This
always taught me how to check the member's
passbooks correctly, and update accurate savings
and shares to their passbooks.
April 26, 2026 - Calculating the loans of the
members from the system and putting it on the
excel to edit.
April 28, 2026 - Checking and updating members'
passbooks in the system, then printing their latest
savings records
& Heoubix of the Phiippuses
Munaia Fortich, #2703 Brdodnes
FAISAH S. BAI T, MMITM
Z 3 Repeintic of the Plaligps
Manolo Fortich, #7605 Bukidram \