We simply cover some compuler works in the office
valuable experience by assisting with differen
computer-related tasks in the office. One of the
lasks I handled was preparing and giving
certificates for clients. This helped me improve m
allention to detail and taught me the importance off
accuracy and professionalism when dealing witl
official documents.
such as giving certificates for clients,
Putting new templates and making new certificales
also worked on updating and creating ne
updates. certificate lemplates, Through this task, I learne
addition, I created now log book templates to makg
the process more convenient and efficient for bot
lhe office slaff and clients.
Making new templates of log books for clients for
technical skills, creativity, communication, and
sense of responsibility in a workplace environment
My OJT allowed me to understand how office]
operations work and gave me confidence i
applying the knowledge and skills I learned i
school to real-life situations.
convenience.
Documentation
Signed
AAM
TERAN O. DALDE

1. To assist in updating official barangay document templates and organizing UTP cables and
computer wires while improving technical, networking, and workplace skills.
During my OJT, I updated new templates fol
ndigency letters, barangay clearance, attestation,
angay clearance. attestation, and barangay bind barangay certificates. This helped me improve
y computer and document formatting skills whiley
eaching me the importance of accuracy and
professionalism in handling official documents used
n the barangay office.
Iodated new templates for indigency letters,
e also rearranged the utp cables and wires for e also rearranged the UTP cables and wires fo
every PC in the barangay office. Through this task, |
the barangay. ;
e o gained experience in basic networking and cable

During my OJT, I experienced participating in patiol
lctivities around Manolo Fortich when the barangay|
office had no internet connection in the morning
his allowed me to observe the commurmity|
nvironment and understand some of the
esponsibilities and daily operations of the barangay|
outside office work. It also helped me improve my
adaptability and willingness to assist in different
asks when needed .
n the morning barangay don't have internet so I go
on patrol around Manolo Fortich.
e also proposed a system that can store data from
barangay reports, such as barangay complaints.
hrough this experience, I was able to apply my IT
nowledge in creating ideas that can help improve
ecord management and organization in the
barangay office. We are currently waiting for further
nstructions regarding additional features to include
n the system, and this taught me the importance of
planning, communication, and collaboration when
developing a project.
IProposed a system that can stare data from
barangay reports, such as barangay complaints , and
e are waiting for further instructions from
barangay on what to add.

REFLECTH
also started deslgninq &
: elbs(i)(e including the login page: ?r\:)elbpment s
gaine:i more knowledge in web de
system design, especially in crea_\lng.mse(cg.'llred iy
thc!mnal login inte'rfgcess.kl:lts a::'czi l\l 4 ge\'s\and'
ativity, problem-solving 8 C
;P::;Iw ?'e:l systems are planned and built for actual
I sta igni
| St rted designing the Barangay Tankulan website,
heluding the login page
I also designed the homepage to make it During my OJT, I also designed the homepage 1o
i make it more userfriendly for both staff and
ser-friendly for both staff and administretors. ladministrators, This experience helped me improve
y UI/UX design skills and made me realize the
mportance of creating simple and easy-to-navigate!
nterfaces for different types of users, I learned that|
la good design should not only look clean but also
ake tasks faster and more convenient for users.
also designed the registration panel for the During my OJT, I also designed the homepage t
sebsite. ake it userfriendly for both staff ar
administrators. This experience helped me impro
Yy UIUX design skills and made m i
importance of creatin sy
q S""p'e a"d eaSY'IO'"aV'gl
nte: IaCe5 'Ol dlffGIE| 1t user
s. | 'eal Ied l|Ial e1 {e(:'
'ESig ShQUId ot of
nly focus on a
also on usability and effici ency, ppearance
LEGE
e PHPICL COL
Republic of A
NORTHERN BUE 1D o e
Crante your Barangay account