Selup laravel environments and read On my first day, we have discussed the foatures
documentations and flow of the systom that we're going to build. Since
don't have experience with the laravel
framework, I started to read some tutorial and
read some documentation to set up the laravel
environment. I realized that we need to adapt in
every technology used In industry.
Start to code the initial landing page On my second day, I started 1o build initial landing
page for the job portal system. I learned the
basics of CSS framework which is the tailwind. |
realized that simple Ul matter and have a good
color theme combination.
Continue the landing page focus on "about usTM On my 3rd day, I continued to build some
"job listing * and "contact us" pages necessary information for the landing page. |
learned the routing for the different pages, |
realized that I need to have a solid foundation of
Programming.
Fix some bugs and improve the layout for the On my 4th day, I still continued to finalized the
landing pages with working button layout for the landing page with working button.
I learmed media query to be responsive to different
size of gadget. I realized that simplicity of Ul is a
must for responsive in different size of gadget.
et ol ihe P dupprmey
' NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COLLEGE '
Mot Fortieh 500 Bk idon
Repitty
o the P ppomes
NORTHERN BRUKIDNON STATE COLLEGE
Vet L omoich 08 P idvyony

Start coding the employer log in and registration
for the employer portal
On this day, I decided to sta the employers
portal by coding the registration and log in form.
Atfirst I'm struggling to make it working on a
static so I decided to works on its logic. I realize
that I need to understand to code not just copy
Pasting.
Finalize the information needed for the registration
On the second day of this week, I decided to
finalize the contact information needed for the
registration based on the form from our
supervisor. I tried to break It into category since
theres a lot of information needed.
Start the dashboard for the employers and added
other features for the employers portal
Erainslorm and finalize the landing page
mruuvmmugevm:omuafimmm
After I finished the registration and login, I started
to code the initial dashboard for the employers
portal. I code some graphs and metrics that
needed to see In the dashboard. Also the job
posting for the job vacancies.
landing page from different programmers. We
decided to brainstorm with my teams with regards
fo collaboration and how the color combination will
be executed.
Poa "
i Pwrud i
Pormneatinn
Repatiic of the Phhipyvncs
NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COLLEGE
Mol Fontich 70 Bukidwon
Forme

Make & new repository and brainstorm the new
fiow to avoid the git confiict
On the first day of this week we decided to do a
branstorm on what to do to aveid the git conflict.
We created different branches for every developer
and work on our chosen design and layout
Make Al chatbot using Gemini API for contact
fom
Since I have a free time in early moming, |
decided to explore new things that I'm not famili
with. At first, it didn't work and it takes time to
figure out what's the problem. At the end of the
day, I was able to make a chatbot form but the Al
is still not working
Continued to fix the Al chatbot problem
l'.)rnhesef.xmcldayanhisweek.lstiloumirmelo'J
figure on how to fix the existing problem on my
code. Eventually, I started to watch some tutorial
and I'm happy that it works, and realize the
problem is, I didn't include the URL for the API in
my code. I just copy the AP key so it didnt make
sense
1started 1o code on my active branch
On the last day of this week, I finally started to
code the design and contents that Is chosen on
me. Al first there is a problem when it comes to
merging so I struggled a lot.
Paprtils of ke Phit g s
Mamet Farvich 900 ok o
oJr ator MGDH | PE! ager
Pepertitn al the (90
NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COLLYGE
Waartes Fomsich 290 BN i
Form

"Mnknhe Ul consistent every section
Since we have different Ul in different programmer |
helped my team when it comes 1o maintaining
good Ul that is easy to use for the user and relate
to footer and header.
Debug some error and refactor some code
Added some FAQS or frequently ask questions in
our contact form
Adaed filtenng in chatbot
On my 3rd day, I continued to refactor some code and
decided to add some frequently ask question for the
user to have information with regards to system
functionalities o features.
n my Y, some ing in our
bot since the free API from Gemini is limited
hour. So I filtered it to answer some question
related to system only not in general.
Mottt ol he P
NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COLLEGE '
st Vv 4901 ok i
Signed Reviewed by,
oT linator
NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COLLEGH
Wampile Lol %08 Pk b
Form #

Encoded the survey results for the Crisis On this day, all intern assigned to encode the
Management survey survey from the consumer and vendors. I learned
that doing this will helped me to encounter some
feature of google forms that I'm not familiar with. |
realized that clerical works is very important to
leam
I started to implement the backend for the log in
register. I learned the MySQL syntax again that |
didn't encounter before. I realized that it's okay If
mldkrw everything since technology is a
Started the jobseeker dashboard fealures On this day I was assigned to implement the
mboum.lbamm-lwhnanunmm
need to display. I realized that I need to make this
as simple especially the Ul
Repub'sc of e Philipyes
Manedo ortich 701 Bukidnon

On this day, I refaclor some code, I leamed that |
need to make the code easy to understand by
the others developer. I realized that I need to
maintain my code readable, reusable,
maintainable.
Added some data needed 1o display for the Dashboard) On this day, I implement the
and
malnlarl'nll:wodunofmum.luafiudm
every bug is a oppurtunity to learn and
mflwlumhwbmimmu.
'Attend the Banog Banog Festival Openings
On this day, I attended the Banog Festival
upenings,!hamadmeknmmam ofa
transparency in a local government. I realized
that every projects is need to have transparency
for a successful city.
Repiin of e Pistgpnes
Mot Fortch #5018 Rk sben
Sigried. Raviewod by:
Student Tralnee flz& w
QJT G nator MGODH | PEJO Manager
Repsni af g
Ve Fiwrah &
Porm b
ON-THE-JOR TRAINING LOG SHEET
Y 202
e Jnrmos ven Febitas i
Campary Pubihc Employment Service Office B |
Week ' [
Objective(e) for the week
7 Selyemerge vontlich and continue the jebseeker featuee.
Upskill 01 Gl Workfow 10 solve & merge On this day, we experience dferent problem 1
cont when we tried to merge, After I upsiill, I leamed
Peprtiic ot P paes
Moo Perrkh 908 Pk aten
Documentation

Checkod the Spes examination result
"On this day. I checked the Spes examination result
learnod again the basic fundamentals In
subject when I checked their answer, I realized thal
this kind of clerical work is need to be accur;
'whenever I'm checking their answers.
{"Start 1o work on the my profie features On (s day, I tied 1o work on the my profl
features. I started to work on the inform:
needed by the admin. I realized that this data will
needed and essential part of the feature to make
transaction
Start implement a Resume Builder
On this data, I was assigned to build a resume
builder. I learned that in making a resume builder that
is easy to navigate for the user. I realized that this will
helped the jobseeker to use it to their application
Improve the Resume Builder structure On this day, I enhance the resume builder
by following the harvard style resume. I realized
Importance of the resume, since the market is
saturated
" the Py
Mot et b S0 ok iy

Added Rate limiting for the Al Chatbot On this day, I am assigned to make the chatoot
have rate limiting. I learned that, this will lessen to
'spam by the hacker since the free Gemini Api have|
alimit per hour. I realized that this will be must
essential for a system who have a chatbot features.
1o make it useful by a user,
I started to impement the Myprofile by
automating it to make as a resume. I learned that
this process will helped the jobseeker to lessen
their worries when it comes to their resume. |
realized that since it is automated it will boost
Automate the My Pofile information into Resume
Builder
their productivity.
Make the Resume choices in application On this day I was assigned lo implement the
resume (o make it as an choices to thes
application. I've leamed the some logic on how
this will be process. I realized that this will benefits
a lot the user when I successfully implement this
feature.
Pepuitine of the Mhilypincs
Romibiic o e Phb
NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COTLEGE
Mot Femich 07 L e
Form @

Implement the apply jobs for job seeker On this day, I started to code the apply jobs
where the user can apply based on the approved
post by the administrator. I learned that these 3
actors or module must need to be sync in order
to make this work.
Added Saved Jobs On this day, 1 implement the saved jobs icon
where the jobseeker can see what he/she saved
to locate their interest easily, this will helped them
when they want to apply to that post soon.
Added skill feature On this day, 1 applied the skill gaps where the
l- e jobseeker will know what his/her lack skills base
on the em| post, so he can upskill to
improve and what are the mjust to be
qualified.
[ Mty
' NORTHERN RUKIDNON STATE COLEEGE '
vk 1 rikh Pk
OJT Coordl MGDH | RS0 Manager
Fepuitiic of e Phibippnes
Fortich 70 Wb idnon

Research about the email service provider that |
can use for free.
On this day, I do a research on what free email
service provider should I chose. I decided to
used the brevo service provider since it has a
free 300 email limit per day. I leamed on how to
set it up and implement this on code
Implement the contact inquirt
Connect inquiry to admin side and can also reply
After I chose the brevo, at first I just connect it to
Peso email. I leamed that this approach is not
recommended, because it will cause unorganized
and spam and email.
On this day, I finalized this by connecting the
inquiry to admin side. After I connect, I set up
the brevo where the admin can answer the
inquiry from jobseeker. I realized that this
approach Is ideal to keep the system useful
when the user have encounter some problem.
SORTHERS BUKIDNOS STATE COLTEGE
Student Tralnes
Pepttic at e Fatipgree
Mo Ptk 90 i afoon
form

[Eneode e Profiing information for the jobseeker |
in PEIS system
On this day, I helped my classmalas 1o encods fhe|
profiing Information of the jobseeker. I learned that
it Is important to be patience when encoding a lots
of data. I realized that I need to laser focus on
verifying the applicant info before I encode it to the
PEIS database
Checked the Jobstart apphcants from module 1 to
On this day, I helped our HTE to checked the
jobstart applicants module from module 1 to
module 30. I learned on how to grades their
answer based on the given criteria, I realized that
it needs to have a lot of patience in chacking their
answers
Fix the Merge conflictin my branch
On this day, I fixed the bugs in our code to
improve the sytems effeciency and lessen our
problems. I leamed to utiized some coding
agents that I am not familiar with. I realized that
everyday.
Improve the job recommendation algorithm
On this day, I spent my day on how the job
recommendation will improve than before, |
learned some techniques on how to implement my
new changes to the system. I realized that I need
fo be consistent when learning new things for my
growth
Repuiic of the Phlippres
Manelo Fortieh, #3071 Buk idnon

On this day, I encoded the profiling form data in
PEIS system since this is urgent and needed in the
office. I spend my whole day encoding the data
Suddenly, there's no internet in the afternoon. so |
take a break to lessen my stress.
Encode the Profiling information for the Jobseeker
in PEIS system
On this day, I'm still trying to figure out the way on
how to make the foms in OFW easy to use and
how to implement the backend in the admin end.
Since our output is currently not merge in all the
branches. I'm trying my best on how we will debug
all the merge conflict in our system.
Continued the OFW module
On this day, I know what are the processed on
what are the role of association in a system. |
started to brainstorm on how I will implement this
in our current system and make it usable.
Start the Association module
Ropubtic of the Iiligpines
Myobs Fortih 8700 Bobidnon
Sighod
Student Tralnes
0JT Coor or
Repeitic Sf the Phiippines
Mok Fortich. 70% Bukidnon