Routed memorandums to the DGEC and ITE This task helped me practice proper document
department. distribution and coordination, ensuring memos
were delivered accural
Scanned documents using DGEC and IBM This task helped me systematically file mportant
systems. documents and carefully organze files for easy
access and proper maintenance.
to extract and organize information efficiently.
envelopes as instructed. ensuring that documents were easy to access and
properdy maintained .
Created a PowerPoinl presentation based on the | This task improved my presentation skils and
research conducted. ability to synthesize research into clear, structured
materials.
[& CamScanner

an syt o i ocumert.
and timely handling of office documents.
ensure easy retrieval. organize documents for easy access and better
file management
I prepared flashcards by cutting and laminating This task enhanced my attention o detail and
materials. precision while handling office matenals. ensuring
neat and organized outputs.
organized documents inlo e Tolders. s task improved my Tiling anc record keeping
skills, making documents accessible and wellmaintained for future use
I gathered examples for the assigned topic. This lask improved my research and
organizational skills by collecting relevant
materials for assigned tasks
I photocopied centificates. This lask allowed me 1o support office operations
by preparing copies of important documents.
[& CamScanner

Routing attendance to taculty (DGEC, IBM, | This activity taught me to be responsible tor
128, ITE) handling important records, I leamed the
imporlance of accuacy and lmely distibution
of dncumantr
Nellvenng ORS to HR 1reallzan how Important 1 12 to proparty
wubrnil docurnienty Lo the right office, 18 wlped
me Improve my communication and
accountability
Amanging documents Thiz tazk enhanced my organizational zkillz, |
laarnad that praparty arrangad filas maka
work faster and more efficient.
Preparing flashcands (aranging, citing, This activity Improved my patisnce and
rrking holes, and sdding ribbon) dlention Lo detil. I leamed how o carelully
prepare materials, so they are neat,
ized. and re:
[& CamScanner

Irouted documents to the SASDD and HR. This helped me understand the imporiance of
being responsible and careful when handling
important documents.
Irouted the attendance sheet from the Supply This taught me how to manage my time well and
e 3 coordinate with different offices efficiently.
I cut and prepared materials to make bookmarks | This activity helped me develop patience and pay
forlamlination. attention to small details.
I punched the bookmarks and placed ribbons on | Ilearned the importance of neainess and
I encoded documents This helped me Improve my accuracy and
dtention to detail, and I realized the importance of
being careful to avoid emors in encoding.
[& CamScanner

Arranged and organized documents
This task helped me mprove my organizational
skills and 1aught me the imporiance of keeping
records propery aranged for easy access and
efficiency.
Through this activity, I leamed how to handle
mportant documents responsibly.
This task improved my research skills and helped
me become more resourceful in finding reliable
information related to the assigned lopic.
This activity enhanced my crfical Ihnking and
research abilities. I learned how important
references and related studies are in supporting
research work.
This task improved my lislening, writing, and
comprehension skills
Delivered certificate to the QA Office
Researched information about a given topic
Found related klerature reviews (RRLs) and
sample studies for a given topic
Transcribed and wrote informationinto a notebook
[& CamScanner

Delivered documents to the Office of the This task taught me the importance of
i responsbnny and professionalism when
Placed certificates inthe portfolio Through this activty, I learned how to
organize documents property and maintain
neatness and order in ofilce files
skils. I also learned how to credea professional
and organized resume layout
Tabbing of documents This task improved my organizational skills
and taught me the importance of properly
labeling and arranging files for easy
dentification.
Ribbon bookmarks Through this activity, I developed patience
and creativity. I leamed how careful and neat
[& CamScanner
Documentatlon;

Designed brochures using Canva Through this task, I improved my creativity
and design skills. I learned how to make
simple but effective layouts that can help
communicate information clea
Encoded documents This activity enhanced my attention to detail
and typing skills.
Assisted during meetings Assisting in meetings taught me how to
observe professionalism in the workplace. |
also learned the value of teamwork and
proper coordination with others.
Routed attendance forms Records Office This task improved my organizational and
communication skills. I became more familiar
with office procedures and learned how
important coordination is in completing tasks
properly.
[& CamScanner
NORTHERN

Ribbon for Bookmark This task taught me to be patienl and pay
attention to small details.
I learned to be organized and careful while
preparing documents.
Bind Research Pape This task helped me improve my attention to
documents neatly.
[& CamScanner