Check laptop and computer hardware issues Checking computer hardware is important to
I make the computer work
Clean computer hardware I learned more on how to assemble and
disassemble computers and there functions
Install programming tools Its better to install latest version there are a lot of
features and function you use
hittend intern orientation Knowing where you assign and the thing you
need to do and don't
Start system coding and debugging Fixing the little issues and functions for the system
make it more work smoothly
Ongoing system development Making more simple the system make it more
better to use.
DAN R'K%AVIER

I learned how important it is to regularly check and
maintain computer parts to avoid bigger problems.
Fixing the wiring of the SSD
Fixing laptop printing issues
I realized that proper wiring is important for the
computer to work correctly and safely.
I learned more how to troubleshoot common
roblems and be patient when fixing devices.
Nutrimap system
Installing composer and PhpSpreadsheet for the
I gained new knowledge about tools needed for
system development and how they help improve
functionality.
Making a poster for Amuma Clinic
I improved my creativity and learned how to
design materials.

Manage Facebook (posting and comments)
Operation Timbang (OPT) Plus
I improved my skills in social media management.
Tlearned how to get OPT data from the fields and
understand more the flow of their data collection.
Fix and developed map system features for the Debugging in not easy without proper knowledge.
website and BNS parts.
Deploy new development updates
T understood the process of deploying updates
and ensuring the system runs smoothly for endusers.

Learning a new programming language is
Develop family profiling application challenging, and i learned to appreciate more my
small progress in my work.
~ . I understood the importance of accurate
Assist BNS for documentation form documentation and organizing data properly.
Computer troubleshooting | :r:;:::;:d my ability to identify and fix computer
; I realized the importance of maintaining computer-1
Hardware maintenance I:; s to avoid problems.
a I improved my skills in posting content and
Manage Facebook posting communicating with users online.
" . I learned how to evaluate and suggest better
I(Rewse PC recommendation computer specifications.

Manage Facebook Nutri-Game (comments
and winner posting)
Fix emulator and development tool issues
I learned new functions in Facebook related
to posting.
Installing an emulator requires a large
amount of storage and enough RAM to run
the project smoothly.
Following instructions makes the work easier
and faster.
Finalizing the form helped me develop the
application faster.
I improved my skills in Flutter and learned
more about app development.
Helping with computer issues improved my
basic IT support skills.
Edit Nutri-Game winner in Canva
; Plan and finalize family profile form
Develop family profile application using
Flutter
Provide basic computer support
Itepubhic of the Philippines
AMunolo Fortich, KOV Bukidnon

I improved my skills in managing posts and
editing.
Fix laptop freezing Issues I Iearngd how to fix laptop frgezing issues
when it becomes unresponsive
Assist BNS with their accomplishment :::;Z' ?;eexfia'{' 't:::;';?::rsngzlped ne
Updating the form enabled me to finalize the
Apply new update to the family profile application I survey in the application and proceed with
developing other functions.
Manage Facebook Nutri-Game (comments
and winner posting)

Gained experience in engaging with users
while promoting nutrition awareness.
Learned to appreciate small steps in the
development process.
Developed problem-solving skills by assisting
with minor technical issues and
troubleshooting in the office.
Manage Facebook Nutri-Game (comments
and winner posting)
Ongoing to develop family profiling
application
Provide basic IT support

Learned that the Nutri-Game helps promote
health awareness while managing online
engagement.
Improved the system step by step, making
debugging and feature updates more
manageable.
Manage Facebook weekly Nutri-Game
(comments and winner posting)
Ongoing to develop family profiling
application
Make breastfeeding poster for AMUMA clinic | This helped me improved my design skills.

Galned experience In managing social media
content and engaging with users.
Feedback and recommendations are
important for improving application
functionality.
Improved the system based on feedback to
make it more user-friendly and efficient.
Helped maintain a clean and organized
workspace for the national evaluation.. B
Manage Facebook weekly Nutri-Game
comments and winner postini
Family profiling application testing
Apply the recommendation in FP application
General cleaning

| Manage Facebook weekly Nutri-Game
| (comments and winner posting)
| Documenting opening program for 2TM time
crown maintenance validation visit
Gained experience in managing social media
content and engaging with users.
Developed skills in proper event
documentation.

Managed weekly Facebook Nutri-Games
posting.
Cleaned the Epson L310 and fix the laptop
issue,
Gained experience in engaging with users
while promoting nutrition awareness.
Learned how to disassemble and assemble a
printer and gained additional experience in
Presented Family Profiling Application to
Ma'am Elma M. Clapano.
troubleshooting minor laptop issues.
Developed communication skills by
presenting a project to a department head.
Maked 10 Kumainments poster
Learned more about nutrition programs and
enhanced creativity in designing informational
materials.
Recovered files in flashdrive
Learned techniques for recovering files and
resolving issues caused by flash drive
viruses.
Repmdlic of the Philippines
\Manolo Fortich. $701 Ruksdnon
Documentation
Signed
DAN@'K ZJAVIER 5 ANO, RN
FAISAH S. T, MMITM
oJTC nator

Improved my skills In system development,
Enhanced and updated Nutrimap system. debugging, and implementing updates based
on user recommendations and requirements.
Learned how to organize data effectively and
Creatad anExos! fle far thagraph. present information through graphical reports.
i Gained additional experience in
ke the-ancountessd computiferion troubleshooting and resolving common
Issues. hardware and software problems.
Reputic of the Philippines
Mangto Fortch 8702 Bukdnon
Documentation

Enhanced my programming and problemContinued Developing NutriMap system. solving skills by implementing system
improvements and resolving function errors.
Gained experience in fieldwork and learned
gs;slsgs d| CNO staff for MELLP! in Barangay how nutrition programs are monitored and
RRER010, evaluated at the barangay level.

Managed weekly Facebook Nutri-Games
posting.
Continued Developing NutriMap system.
Presented the updated Family Profiling
Application to BNS and update the BNS
NutriMap account.
Consulted with Sir Mike regarding facility
updates for the Family Profiling Application.
Gained experience in engaging with users
while promoting nutrition awareness.
Improved my programming and problemsolving skills by enhancing system features
and fixing identified issues.
Developed my communication and
presentation skills while demonstrating
system updates and assisting users with
account management.
Learned the Importance of gathering user
feedback and requirements to improve
Repubdiic of the Py TEaNet
Mamola Forteh. 700 Bukidnon
Signed
P i g
DAN-MARK'P. JAVIER ELMA M. CUAPANO, RN
FAISAH S. BACHRAT, MMITM
0JT Cool tor

Gained experience in engaging with users
while promoting nutrition awareness.
Improved my troubleshooting and web
deployment skills by resolving system issues
and successfully publishing the NutriMap
system online.
Learned the importance of adapting system
forms to accommodate new requirements
and ensure accurate data collection.
Managed weekly Facebook Nutri-Games
posting.
Fixed minor errors and deployed the
NutriMap system using the InfinityFree web
hosting platform.
Updated the Family Profiling Application
facilities.