Arranging the dismissed cases In the first day Arranging the dismissed
cases improved my organization skills
and made records easier to review and
manage.
Placing a new case in the folder Second day we work on The new case |
filed ensures that, during the time of trial,
it will be easier to review and identify that
there is an upcoming hearing.
Forwarding new case data to the On the third day, Sir Ronnie instructed us
Department of Justice (DOJ) Manila to forward the new case data through the
system, which would then be submitted to
the Department of Justice Manila via the
website.

Reviewed and identified cases scheduled
for trial in March.
On the fourth day of OJT, we were
assigned to identify cases scheduled for
trial and provide the information to the
fiscal.
Checked evidence for correct information.
The fiscal assigned us to review cases of
illegal mining in Libona, verifying the
accuracy of the submitted evidence. Any
discrepancies were reported to the fiscal,
as accurate information and evidence are
crucial.
Stamped the documents for the evidence.
I formally rubber-stamped the documents
for the illegal mining cases in Libona,
preparing them for submission to
Malaybalay for trial.
Checked evidence for correct information.
Sir Ronnie assigned me to review drug
paraphernalia, including lighters, foil,
phones, flash drives, and money. |
ensured that all items were complete and
verified them against the corresponding
documentation.

Secured the documents by gluing them
into the brown envelope.
Maam Janneth assigned us to glue the
paper in the brown envelope so the new
cases will put in the envelope to ensure
they are organized, protected, and easy
to locate.
Went to the police station to submit and
file the important case
Sir Ronnie assigned me to submit the
documents to the police station that they
will keep to look on and I haven't had a
documentation because it is confidential.
case
Went to the PAO to submit and file the
case documents.
I submit the copy case document to the
pao and I cannot take a pic because its
very confidential case also
Went to post office to pass the document
We went in the post office to pass the
document and they will mail the
documents

Retrieved old case folders for the Sir Ran assigned us to locate all old
upcoming hearing folder because the hearing is upcoming
so it allows the fiscal to easily identify and
review the case, ensuring proper
preparation for the hearing.
Input the case in google sheet Sir Ronnie assigned me to encode the
new case monitoring in this month in
google sheet
Find the folder So in the next day there is more new
case paper and they assigned me to find
the folder and put the new complaint
paper in the folder

Went to the PAO to submit and file the
case documents.
I submit the copy case document to the
pao and I cannot take a pic because its
very confidential case
Attorneys office to write the signature of
paper
Sir Ronnie assigned me to go to attorney
to get signature of the case that will have
hearing for tomorrow and that is what |
have assigned in the week , to get the
signature and I cannot take a pic because
it's very confidential case

Help find the old folder for the hearing
Sir nick assign me to find the old folder
because the hearing is incoming
Input the case in google sheet
Sir Ronnie assigned me to encode the
complainant if what they have experience
in the Prosecutor office they rate the
experience
And input the satisfactory measurement
system in the DOJ system

Find the folder
I assigned by the staff to find the case for
the fiscal to read and study for the
hearing
And in the week 7 we do not have so
many work to do but find the cases if the
staff will have to ask me to find the
specific cases and because of that I can
have a documentation because that is a
very simple work to do

Documentation of Cases
Writing the cases on bond paper helped
improve organization and made the
records easier to locate and manage.
This activity was important in ensuring
that case information remains accessible
and properly documented, especially as
preparations are made for the transition
due to Sir Nick's retirement
Talakag MPS requested of cases
The staff assign me to find the cases of
talakag MPS in the room the achieve
cases I have a picture of the request but |
think it is confidential so will not put the
documentation

Assisting in Case Folder Retrieval Sir Nick assign me to locate the
remaining case folders to be smooth
organization of records. It also gave me a
sense of responsibility as I assisted in
ensuring that important files were
properly found and managed.
Input cases monitoring Sir Ran assign me to input the case in the
excel and I input the old to present case
in the DOJ system
cases because the old building will
demolished so we put the old folder in the
sack so if someone will go to the office
and find there old case it will find easily

Find the folder This week we don't have any work
because it has no internet connection but
they assign me to find the folder and |
don't have any documentation because it
is very simple task
Pass the document in the pao Sir Ran assign me to go to the pao to
pass the document and they will sign it
because the hearing is tommorow

Find the folder
Itis the same in other week find the
specific folder of cases because the
hearing is in this week
I don''t have any documentation because
the task is simple

Find the folder This week is the same in the other week
find the folder and give to the staff
because the fiscal will read it
This week I don't have any
documentation because all the task they
ask is simple and I cannot take a pic
because they will need the folder
immediately

Find the folder This week is the same in the other week
find the folder and we don't have internet
for the last 3 week
This week our last week of the OJT we
don't have much work to do but it help me
to me more understandable in everything
and they help me so much