KASALAN NG BAYAN
LED WALL
First day of my internship,
sir JimJim (my mentor)
let me use our mayor's camera to capture the
Kasalan ng Bayan for Documentation purposes.
He also taught me on how to put Municipal logo
from the picture that I took, we used Photoshop in
editing the raw photos. First day was already full
of experience, I cannot wait for more memorable
experiencel
Sir JimJim let me accompany him to the park
where the led wall located, I installed an
application where it is a tool that we're going to
use to upload the Videos to the led wall, he taught
me step by step on how to upload or change
videos from it. As an IT who focuses on web dev
these new leamings that I gained is such a big
help for me.
TRAVEL ORDER CALENDAR
Ma'am Samatha (Clerk) wants me to challenge
myself, so she gave a task that where all the
travel orders are stored in google sheet and while
the employees puts their name it will
automatically can be seen on the calendar sheet,
she gave me 2 weeks to finish this task, but within
that day I am half way on finishing the said
system.
SORTING NAMES
I finished the excel based system in the morning,
now, the tricky part is putting all the names in the
sheet since they are paper based so form
hardcopy I will convert it to softcopy, this takes a
lot of time that's why she gave me 2 weeks to
finish it.

PUBLISH NEW VIDEO TO THE LED WALL Every Month the LGU publish an accomplishment
report via video to the led wall.
LGU SUMILAO ORGANIZATIONAL Our head, Miss. Judy want me to create an org
STRUCTURE structure, they have reference but stil a
challenging one, I stopped doing the Excel
system and focused on Org Structure first since
they told me that there's no specific deadline, but
they need it ASAP.
CALCULATED THE 2026 CONSULTATIVE Itis very crucial when there's money involvement,
FORM Luckly, I able to ask help from BA intern also in hr
office.
SHS EXPO 2026 I was tasked to take documentation for the expo
of senior high school students from different high
school within sumilao, I enjoyed taking pictures
while having the opportunity to taste their
astries.

1. Finish What | Started
Revising the ORG CHART 1 presented the org chart to our office head; she
liked it however it needs minor revision.
STAR LINK My mentor thought me on how to set up star link
since the health officers needs a strong intemet
connection. It was easy and very convenient to
use.
CLEAN UP DRIVE In the morning, we do clean up drive around our
Municipality, as usual I am the one who is taking
pictures.
interns from HR & MMO are selected to attend a
Departmental Meeting with the mayor, we heard
their plans, problems & solutions to make, we
also heard their plans for the first time ever
ing SIDLAK-FIESTIVAL.

1. ASSIST
EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE (2 days of First, 'm not on the list of intems whos going to
distribution)
help in distributing the cash assistance, but the
mayor personally asked me to join since most of
them are BA and they need someone who know
how to operate the excel based master list.
PRINTED THE FORM FOR THE WALANG It took whole day printing and cutting the forms.
{ GUTOM PROGRAM
FLASHDRIVE & SCANNING
From all the events that I took pictures; 1 put logo
on it and import it to flash drive and pass it to the
social media admin.

1. PHILHEALTH
LGU STAFF REGISTRATION FOR YAKAP We spent the wh"?'le weei; for :'h':v' r:gei:tmv:i:n ::e?'lsl
Igu staff for the yakap s
PO agccompan&ed by one of super health staff, but
he's too busy so 3 of us intems sper!d the whole
registering on the philhealth systes

1. GRADUATION & PHILHEALTH
The mayor Tasked me 10 take pi
event, I woke up early for the eV
on time, the call time is 7:30. I learned that
managing your time when you ar working plays
e in your life.
mportant role
There are some of employees that is absent last
week, so we need to 90 ba hub to help
them. This experience taught me the importance
of teamwork, flexibility, and being willing to assi
others when une: pected staffing shortages arise:
ELEMENTARY G
CONTINUATION OF PHILHEALTH

This task taught me the importance of teamwork
and efficiency, as I assisted my mentor by
managing photo files to ensur the camera had
enough storage and operated smoothly during the
nical and
1D photo taking processThis task helped me develop my tech
problem-solving skills, as I ensured that the
microphone and presentation equipment
functioned properly to support @ smooth and
uninterrupted meeting.
This task improved my ime management and
layout design skills, as I worked efficiently to
complete the urganlzaflonal chart on time sO
could be printed and prepared for the upcoming
visitors.
1D PICTORIAL FOR EMPLOYEES
MEETING FOR THE REGIONAL ATHLI

1. Assisting
"Although assigning control numbe!
of my designate
responsibility for it due to
interns, which el me n
adaptability, initiative, 2l sense of teamwork in
the workplaceCONTROL TRAVEL ORDER
G PHILHEALTH
CONTINUATION OF ASSISTIN!
CONSULTATION
NTING BIGAS ORIENTATION

1. COMMUNICATE
ASSISTED THE BENTING BIGAS It took us 2 days to sell the rice for the
Sumilaonos, this experience taught me patience,
teamwork, and perseverance.
APRIL 29-30 (EXCUSED TO ATTEND
EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE

1. PhilHealth
PHILHEALTH REGISTRATION (2 days) Must of the intems are already finished their
internship, its kind a new to me I feel like I'ma
employee since im the only intem left, Every
Monday and Tuesday we cater philhealth
registration process for sumilaonon, This
experience helped me become more independent
and responsible
PHILHEALTH UPLOADING After 2 days of registering, all the forms that we
gather we need to upload it to a google form and
google sheet. This task improved my data
management and organizational skills while
ensuring that applicants were properly classified
for Konsulta registration or new membership
enroliment.
SUMILAO CARE Sumilao Care is a activity intended for all Igu
employees, they need to do a outdoor activity
such as jogging, volleyball, basketball, and
Zumba, this is to avoid getting obese, I choose
Zumba. Participating in the Sumilao Care activity
through Zumba helped me recognize the
importance of maintaining a healthy lifestyle. It
was an enjoyable experience that encouraged
physical fitness, stress relief, and camaraderie
among LGU employees while promoting overall
well-being.

1. PhilHealth
PHILHEALTH REGISTRATION (2 days) Like the previous week, I spent two days assisting
with the PhilHealth registration process. This
continued experience helped me further develop
my communication, patience, and customer
service skills while ensuring that community
members receive proper assistance with their
registration needs.
PHILHEALTH UPLOADING Just like the previous week, after completing the
PhilHealth registration activities, I assisted in
uploading the collected forms into the PhilHealth
Google Form. This task enhanced my data
encoding, accuracy, and organizational skills
while helping ensure that the registration records
erly processed and documented.
SUMILAO CARE Sumilao Care is a activity intended for all Igu
employees, they need to do a outdoor activity
such as jogging, volleyball, basketball, and
Zumba, this is to avoid getting obese, I choose
Zumba. Participating in the Sumilao Care activity
through Zumba helped me recognize the
importance of maintaining a healthy lifestyle. It
was an enjoyable experience that encouraged
physical fitness, stress relief, and camaraderie
among LGU employees while promoting overall
well-being.